Updated: 20-Apr-22-10:08:26	 Culture Quotes

A people without the knowledge of their past history, origin and culture is like a tree without roots.
Marcus Garvey

Preservation of one's own culture does not require contempt or disrespect for other cultures.
Cesar Chavez

Without memory, there is no culture. Without memory, there would be no civilization, no society, no future.
Elie Wiesel

A nation's culture resides in the hearts and in the soul of its people.
Mahatma Gandhi

I think music in itself is healing. It's an explosive expression of humanity. It's something we are all touched by. No matter what culture we're from, everyone loves music.
Billy Joel

Though music transcends language, culture and time, and though notes are the same, Indian music is unique because it is evolved, sophisticated and melodies are defined.
Dayananda Saraswati

Culture is the process by which a person becomes all that they were created capable of being.
Thomas Carlyle

Culture is the arts elevated to a set of beliefs.
Thomas Wolfe

Fashion is part of our culture, and it's about more than just a pretty dress.
Joan Smalls

Nature doesn't need people - people need nature; nature would survive the extinction of the human being and go on just fine, but human culture, human beings, cannot survive without nature.
Harrison Ford

Cooking is all about people. Food is maybe the only universal thing that really has the power to bring everyone together. No matter what culture, everywhere around the world, people get together to eat.
Guy Fieri

The culture of a workplace - an organization's values, norms and practices - has a huge impact on our happiness and success.
Adam Grant

Culture makes all men gentle.
Menander

My mother is not a woman of ordinary culture. She knows literature and speaks Spanish better than I do. She even corrected my poems and gave me advice when I was studying rhetoric.
Jose Rizal

What colonialism does is cause an identity crisis about one's own culture.
Lupita Nyong'o

If we are to preserve culture we must continue to create it.
Johan Huizinga

Every age has its storytelling form, and video gaming is a huge part of our culture. You can ignore or embrace video games and imbue them with the best artistic quality. People are enthralled with video games in the same way as other people love the cinema or theatre.
Andy Serkis

The significance of the cherry blossom tree in Japanese culture goes back hundreds of years. In their country, the cherry blossom represents the fragility and the beauty of life. It's a reminder that life is almost overwhelmingly beautiful but that it is also tragically short.
Homaro Cantu

Fashion and music are two great artistic forms that can be molded by the youth culture - our taste and our passion for evolving things in our limited time on earth allows us to look at things with fresh eyes.
Virgil Abloh

The equal right of all citizens to health, education, work, food, security, culture, science, and wellbeing - that is, the same rights we proclaimed when we began our struggle, in addition to those which emerge from our dreams of justice and equality for all inhabitants of our world - is what I wish for all.
Fidel Castro

Culture is the widening of the mind and of the spirit.
Jawaharlal Nehru

Asia is rich in people, rich in culture and rich in resources. It is also rich in trouble.
Hubert H. Humphrey

Without culture, and the relative freedom it implies, society, even when perfect, is but a jungle. This is why any authentic creation is a gift to the future.
Albert Camus

A mind cannot be independent of culture.
Lev Vygotsky

No occupation is so delightful to me as the culture of the earth, and no culture comparable to that of the garden.
Thomas Jefferson

Food is not rational. Food is culture, habit, craving and identity.
Jonathan Safran Foer

